hello I'm Alejandra Ruiz de alda is called looking to see this as
where it leads I want to share my experiences with you I hope that you
serve
today I want to talk about a particular topic that is breastfeeding
the one that is finished is undoubtedly the best food for our babies
yesterday in its growth and development for its country
but we as we are more like the
the factory that produces
you knew that 87 percent of breast milk is composed of love
that's why it makes us so thirsty and we feel like we've run from
10 kilometers in one
that's why it's important that we give you our water consumption
a liter
later
been that the Cordovan managed because it is broken
montería but with everything everything you can 5
at that time also
very important that take care of our food does not eat or retardants
obviously avoid alcohol consumption do not smoke because it also affects our
You must remember that the baby
when we are spending what we are at the moment of attack
also strengthen the important links with our duty
that's a super-nice stage is super important to him
and just as they feel affection too
they find the food through you they feed through you what
that you with the cougars is what you take
bold her little body
the apparent consumption of nutritious foods as important credit as well
balanced diet
eat fruits vegetables
always expensive
water in spain
give morning credits
try to drink water before feeding your babies is very important
I woke up had serious consequences for the book is called oscar parrilli
dot com
and remember to write so that I can eliminate attitudes see you